# Savemissx
I've loved video-games since I was 5 years old and got my first GameBoy-Color and since then I've always thought about making my own games. Back in 2019 I was between two jobs and decided to put the time I had into making my own game "SavemissX". I was looking around at many different frameworks, but many of them had a lot of graphical interfaces and I was more interested in raw coding so I found Haxe/Haxeflixel. It's a "High-level strictly-typed programming language", and in my experience somewhat similar to Java, games are built using classes, states that work very much in the same way as they do in Java.

I began by following a tutorial on Haxeflixels website on how to create a simple overhead 2d-dungeon-runner. After I got the basics down I started improvising, changing large parts of code, changing gravity, etc. to fit a 2d-platformer rather than dungeon-runner. I got a lot of inspiration from their API-docs and I also found a tool called Aseprite that is an easy to use pixel-art editor to make my own sprites and backgrounds.

In about two months of work I ended up with, "SavemissX" a 2d-platformer with many different features such as: double jumping, climbing, running, 5 unique attacks & animations and a power up feature called "RAGE". It also features 2 kinds of enemies, one flying, one grounded, 7 different stages with 3 different backgrounds.

Working with the game I learned a lot about coding that I had only vaguely understood in the past. Using that new experience allowed me to keep finding new solutions to problems, which sort of "unlocked" new things I could add into my game, like powerups and new attacks, which was like a game in it of itself.
